AUTHORS.md
LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
uwsift/__init__.py
uwsift/__main__.py
uwsift/common.py
uwsift/queue.py
uwsift/satpy_compat.py
uwsift/version.py
uwsift.egg-info/PKG-INFO
uwsift.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
uwsift.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
uwsift.egg-info/entry_points.txt
uwsift.egg-info/not-zip-safe
uwsift.egg-info/requires.txt
uwsift.egg-info/top_level.txt
uwsift/control/__init__.py
uwsift/control/auto_update.py
uwsift/control/qml_utils.py
uwsift/control/time_matcher.py
uwsift/control/time_matcher_policies.py
uwsift/control/time_transformer.py
uwsift/control/time_transformer_policies.py
uwsift/data/shadedrelief.jpg
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/Cloud Amount Default.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/Cloud Top Height.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/Low Cloud Base.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/Rain Rate.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/prob_severe.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/ACTP.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/ADP.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/CSM.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/Dust.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/FSC.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/GOES-SST-35.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/RRQPE.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/RRQPE1.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/Smoke.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/VTRSB.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/color-cape-10.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/color-li-10.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/color-pw10-10.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/GOESR-L2/color-pw8-10.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/CIRA (IR Default).cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/IR WV.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/IR_Color_Clouds_Summer.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/IR_Color_Clouds_Winter.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/Rainbow_11_bit.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/WV_Dry_Yellow.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/dust_and_moisture_split_window.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/enhanced-rainbow-11.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/enhanced-rainbow_warmer_yellow.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/fire_detection_3.9.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/fogdiff_blue.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/ramsdis_IR_12bit.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/IR/ramsdis_WV_12bit.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Lifted Index/Lifted Index - New CIMSS Table.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Lifted Index/Lifted Index Default.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Precip/Blended Total Precip Water.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Precip/Percent of Normal TPW.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Precip/Precip Water - New CIMSS Table.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Precip/Precip Water - Polar.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Precip/Precip Water Default.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Skin Temp/Skin Temp - New CIMSS Table.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/Skin Temp/Skin Temp Default.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/VIS/CA (Low Light Vis).cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/VIS/Linear.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/VIS/VIS_gray_sq-root-12.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/VIS/ZA (Vis Default).cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/WV/Gray Scale Water Vapor.cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/WV/NSSL VAS (WV Alternate).cmap
uwsift/data/colormaps/OAX/GOES-R/WV/SLC WV.cmap
uwsift/data/fonts/Andale Mono.ttf
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/cfName.def
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/modelName.def
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/name.def
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/paramId.def
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/shortName.def
uwsift/data/grib_definitions/grib2/localConcepts/kwbc/units.def
uwsift/data/icons/menu.svg
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.README.html
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.VERSION.txt
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.dbf
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.prj
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.shp
uwsift/data/ne_110m_admin_0_countries/ne_110m_admin_0_countries.shx
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.README.html
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.VERSION.txt
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.dbf
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.prj
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.shp
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_0_countries/ne_50m_admin_0_countries.shx
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.README.html
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.VERSION.txt
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.dbf
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.prj
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.shp
uwsift/data/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes/ne_50m_admin_1_states_provinces_lakes.shx
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/area_definitions.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/auto_update.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/catalogue.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/default_colormaps.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/default_points_styles.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/default_reader.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/default_standard_names.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/display.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/external_satpy.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/limit_available_readers.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/logging.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/open_file_wizard.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/storage.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/units.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/watchdog.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/abi_l1b.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/avhrr_l1b_eps.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l1_cat_lmk_loc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l1_geoobs_lmk_loc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l1_geoobs_lmk_nav_err.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l1c_iqt_fdhsi.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l1c_nc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l2_bufr.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l2_grib.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/fci_l2_nc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/gld360_ualf2.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/li_l1b_nc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/li_l2_nc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/lsasaf_l2_frppixel_hdf.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/modis_l1b.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/modis_l2_fire_hdf.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/seviri_l1b_hrit.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/seviri_l1b_native.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/seviri_l2_binary.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/seviri_l2_bufr.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/seviri_l2_grib.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/vii_l1b_nc.yaml
uwsift/etc/SIFT/config/readers/viirs_l2_fire_nc.yaml
uwsift/model/__init__.py
uwsift/model/area_definitions_manager.py
uwsift/model/catalogue.py
uwsift/model/composite_recipes.py
uwsift/model/document.py
uwsift/model/layer_item.py
uwsift/model/layer_model.py
uwsift/model/product_dataset.py
uwsift/model/shapes.py
uwsift/model/time_manager.py
uwsift/project/__init__.py
uwsift/project/organize_data_bands.py
uwsift/project/organize_data_topics.py
uwsift/tests/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/conftest.py
uwsift/tests/test_satpy_import.py
uwsift/tests/control/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/control/fill_dir_periodically.py
uwsift/tests/model/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/model/conftest.py
uwsift/tests/model/interactive_test_globbing_creator.py
uwsift/tests/model/test_globbing_creator.py
uwsift/tests/util/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/util/test_common.py
uwsift/tests/view/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/view/test_export_image.py
uwsift/tests/view/test_rgb_config.py
uwsift/tests/view/test_tile_calculator.py
uwsift/tests/workspace/__init__.py
uwsift/tests/workspace/test_algebraic.py
uwsift/tests/workspace/test_importer.py
uwsift/tests/workspace/test_statistics.py
uwsift/ui/TimelineRuler.qml
uwsift/ui/__init__.py
uwsift/ui/build.sh
uwsift/ui/change_colormap_dialog_ui.py
uwsift/ui/custom_widgets.py
uwsift/ui/dataset_statistics_widget.ui
uwsift/ui/dataset_statistics_widget_ui.py
uwsift/ui/export_image_dialog.ui
uwsift/ui/export_image_dialog_ui.py
uwsift/ui/layer_details_widget.ui
uwsift/ui/layer_details_widget_ui.py
uwsift/ui/open_cache_dialog.ui
uwsift/ui/open_cache_dialog_ui.py
uwsift/ui/open_file_wizard.ui
uwsift/ui/open_file_wizard_ui.py
uwsift/ui/pov_main.ui
uwsift/ui/pov_main_ui.py
uwsift/ui/timeline.qml
uwsift/util/__init__.py
uwsift/util/common.py
uwsift/util/default_paths.py
uwsift/util/disk_management.py
uwsift/util/heap_analyzer.py
uwsift/util/heap_profiler.py
uwsift/util/logger.py
uwsift/util/ps_analyzer.py
uwsift/util/ps_profiler.py
uwsift/util/storage_agent.py
uwsift/util/watchdog.py
uwsift/util/widgets/__init__.py
uwsift/util/widgets/pie_dial.py
uwsift/view/__init__.py
uwsift/view/algebraic_config.py
uwsift/view/cameras.py
uwsift/view/colormap.py
uwsift/view/colormap_editor.py
uwsift/view/dataset_statistics_pane.py
uwsift/view/export_image.py
uwsift/view/layer_details.py
uwsift/view/layer_tree_view.py
uwsift/view/open_file_wizard.py
uwsift/view/probes.py
uwsift/view/rgb_config.py
uwsift/view/scene_graph.py
uwsift/view/test_visuals.py
uwsift/view/texture_atlas.py
uwsift/view/tile_calculator.py
uwsift/view/transform.py
uwsift/view/visuals.py
uwsift/workspace/__init__.py
uwsift/workspace/caching_workspace.py
uwsift/workspace/collector.py
uwsift/workspace/guidebook.py
uwsift/workspace/importer.py
uwsift/workspace/metadatabase.py
uwsift/workspace/simple_workspace.py
uwsift/workspace/statistics.py
uwsift/workspace/workspace.py
uwsift/workspace/utils/__init__.py
uwsift/workspace/utils/metadata_utils.py