.coveragerc
.gitignore
.isort.cfg
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yaml
AUTHORS.md
CHANGELOG.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
Dockerfile
LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
environment.yml
oryx-build-commands.txt
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
.devcontainer/devcontainer.json
.github/workflows/ci.yml
configs/.gitignore
data/.gitignore
data/external/.gitignore
data/interim/.gitignore
data/processed/.gitignore
data/raw/.gitignore
docs/Makefile
docs/authors.md
docs/changelog.md
docs/concepts.md
docs/conf.py
docs/contributing.md
docs/development.md
docs/honegumi.html
docs/honegumi_update.html
docs/index.md
docs/license.md
docs/logo.png
docs/readme.md
docs/requirements.txt
docs/tutorials.md
models/.gitignore
notebooks/1.0-sgb-gentle-introduction-jinja.ipynb
notebooks/2.0-sgb-ipywidgets.ipynb
notebooks/2.0.1-sgb-ipywidgets-simpler.ipynb
notebooks/2.0.2-sgb-ipywidgets-line-through.ipynb
notebooks/2.0.3-sgb-ipywidgets-ad-hoc-style.ipynb
notebooks/2.0.4-cartesian-product-list-of-lists.ipynb
notebooks/2.0.5-deviation-by-one.ipynb
notebooks/2.1-sgb-ax-ipywidgets.ipynb
notebooks/2.1.1-sgb-ipywidgets-custom-toggle-buttons.ipynb
notebooks/3.0-human-in-the-loop-BO.ipynb
notebooks/html_template.jinja
notebooks/imports.py.j2
notebooks/ipywidgets-grid-scratch.ipynb
notebooks/ipywidgets-line-through-simple.ipynb
notebooks/ipywidgets-scratch-2.ipynb
notebooks/moo.py
notebooks/randint.py.jinja
notebooks/sgb-jinja-basic.ipynb
notebooks/soo.py
notebooks/soo_vs_moo.py.jinja
references/.gitignore
reports/honegumi-logo.pptx
scripts/generate_scripts.py
scripts/run_tests.py
scripts/refreshers/batch.py
scripts/refreshers/benchmarking.py
scripts/refreshers/compositional_constraint.py
scripts/refreshers/compositional_constraint_2.py
scripts/refreshers/contextual.py
scripts/refreshers/continuous_multi_fidelity.py
scripts/refreshers/featurization.py
scripts/refreshers/featurization_2.py
scripts/refreshers/multi_task.py
scripts/refreshers/plot_honegumi.py
scripts/refreshers/service_branin.py
scripts/refreshers/service_moo.py
scripts/resources/tooltips.json
src/honegumi.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/honegumi.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/honegumi.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/honegumi.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/honegumi.egg-info/requires.txt
src/honegumi.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/honegumi/ax/__init__.py
src/honegumi/ax/_ax.py
src/honegumi/ax/main.py.jinja
src/honegumi/ax/utils/__init__.py
src/honegumi/ax/utils/constants.py
src/honegumi/ax/utils/testing.py
src/honegumi/core/__init__.py
src/honegumi/core/_honegumi.py
src/honegumi/core/honegumi.html.jinja
src/honegumi/core/honegumi.ipynb.jinja
tests/conftest.py
tests/test_ax.py
tests/test_capstd.py
tests/test_honegumi.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-multi+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-True+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Default+custom_gen-False+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-False+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-False+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-False+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-False+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-False+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-False+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-batch.py
tests/generated_scripts/ax/test_objective-single+model-Fully Bayesian+custom_gen-True+existing_data-True+sum_constraint-True+order_constraint-True+linear_constraint-True+composition_constraint-True+categorical-True+custom_threshold-False+synchrony-single.py